Fix bad GenAI batching example (#891)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/genai-integrations.adoc

If you want to generate embeddings for the text content of all nodes with the label `Tweet`, you can divide the nodes up into batches, and issue one API request per batch.

Assuming nodes with the `Tweet` label have a `text` property, you can generate vector embeddings for each one and write them to their `embedding` property in batches of a thousand at a time, for example.
You can use this in combination with `CALL ... IN TRANSACTIONS` to commit each batch separately to manage transaction memory consumption:

.Query
[source,cypher]
----
MATCH (n:Tweet)
WHERE size(n.text) <> 0 AND n.embedding IS NULL
WITH collect(n) AS nodes,
     count(*) AS total,
     1000 AS batchSize
UNWIND range(0, total, batchSize) AS batchStart
CALL {
    WITH nodes, batchStart, batchSize
    WITH nodes, batchStart, [node IN nodes[batchStart .. batchStart + batchSize] | node.text] AS batch
    CALL genai.vector.encodeBatch(batch, "OpenAI", { token: $token }) YIELD index, vector
    CALL db.create.setNodeVectorProperty(nodes[batchStart + index], "embedding", vector)
} IN TRANSACTIONS OF 1 ROW
----

You can control how many batches are committed by each inner transaction by modifying the `OF 1 ROW` clause.

> For example, `OF 10 ROWS` will only commit once per 10 transactions. Because vector embeddings can be very large, this may require significantly more memory.

Reviewer: it will commit once per 10 batches, not per 10 transactions

Author: Indeed, good catch, thanks!

.Generate embeddings for many text properties
====

> If you want to generate embeddings for the text content of all nodes with the label `Tweet`, you can

Reviewer 2: Don't split the sentences on two lines.

Author: Ah, I was unaware, thanks!

Author: Cleaned up some more instances of this

divide the nodes up into batches, and issue one API request per batch.

> Assuming nodes with the `Tweet` label have a `text` property, you can generate vector embeddings

Reviewer 2: Same here, no splitting.

> for each one and write them to their `embedding` property in batches of a thousand at a time, for example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for each one and write them to their `embedding` property in batches of a thousand at a time.
```

Author: The "for example" referred to the batch size of a thousand, which is pretty arbitrary. Would you prefer some other phrasing to emphasize that?

Reviewer 2: Ah, I didn't get it. I thought it was a leftover.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we can add it after batches, like: `in batches, for example, of a thousand at a time.`

Author: In that case maybe `in batches of, for example, a thousand at a time.`? 🙂

> Here we use `CALL ... IN TRANSACTIONS` to commit each batch separately to manage transaction memory consumption:

Reviewer 2: We don't use `we` in the docs.

> Here we use `CALL ... IN TRANSACTIONS` to commit each batch separately to manage transaction memory consumption:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, you can use `CALL ... IN TRANSACTIONS` to commit each batch separately to manage transaction memory consumption:
```

.Query
[source,cypher]
----
MATCH (n:Tweet)
WHERE size(n.text) <> 0 AND n.embedding IS NULL
WITH collect(n) AS nodes,
     count(*) AS total,
     1000 AS batchSize
UNWIND range(0, total, batchSize) AS batchStart
CALL {
    WITH nodes, batchStart, batchSize
    WITH nodes, batchStart, [node IN nodes[batchStart .. batchStart + batchSize] | node.text] AS batch
    CALL genai.vector.encodeBatch(batch, "OpenAI", { token: $token }) YIELD index, vector
    CALL db.create.setNodeVectorProperty(nodes[batchStart + index], "embedding", vector)
} IN TRANSACTIONS OF 1 ROW
----

You can control how many batches are committed by each inner transaction by modifying the `OF 1 ROW` clause.

> For example, `OF 10 ROWS` will only commit once per 10 transactions. Because vector embeddings can be very large,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, `OF 10 ROWS` only commits once per 10 transactions.
Because vector embeddings can be very large, this may require significantly more memory.

Reviewer 2: One sentence per line.

> this may require significantly more memory.

Reviewer 2: no splitting
```suggestion
```
